so
Today we have a very interesting guest.
I'm really excited.
I'm still getting everything set up in the background.
I apologize.
It is really 1010 is a really hard mark for me a me to hit not to be a wimp.
But I need to get everything going kind of while the
The whole school thing is going on in the morning.
And no excuses here.
Well, yes, I'm giving you an excuse.
It's not a very good one.
So 10-10 is tough.
But I think Dan is probably already there and ready to go.
So we're going to make this happen.
And I think it's going to be a very sharp one.
Very, very sharp one.
you
The directed energy weapon attack is indeed something that has risen again on the internet.
Something that I followed a long time ago and then kind of just forgot about.
Crazy how this stuff is all coming full circle.
Yes, Judy Wood.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J.J.
Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for C.H.D.
and I believe he has a P.H.D.
in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
The End
Please don't forget the intro may glitch a little bit.
Because depending on when Dan joins the Zoom, sometimes Zoom gets a little goofy like that.
But don't worry, I think the sync will be fine.
I think the sync will be fine.
Just a question of whether I can pull this music out of my... What in the world?
I can hear you.
Yep, you're good.
My daughter put this song in.
It's perfect.
Well, I didn't mean to play this song, so we're going to get a little bit of a strike here on Twitch.
They'll blank this video or this
this audio.
But for now, for the live people, this is great.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
We are living through some very interesting times.
And today I think I have a guest that can help us see a side of these interesting times that I myself have never dared to try and penetrate.
Your consciousness is definitely the prime real estate that everybody's working to control.
because it is a matter of what is perceived to be true and these people have dominated the control over that for a very long time, so much so that all of us really don't understand what's going on because we inherited these charlatans from our parents.
And so we know the biology here very well right now.
We know the illusions that we are trying to dispel in terms of the biology, but we don't necessarily, we've never really tried to look into the other illusions where there's a tremendous amount of arguing, being won and lost based on attributing bad motives to the wrong people.
And I think this stream is really going to be important for that.
It is about money and it is about the control of wealth and power and the illusions that are used to make sure that we never really see how this control is being wielded.
But there are more and more people who have been able to see a side of this and also
I think Dan Cohen is one of these people who can also show other people who can't see it.
And these people are critically important to us moving forward together against these people who believe that AI and a bunch of data collection is all they really need to solve all the problems of the irreducible complexity that is our sacred biology.
And that's ridiculous.
And we can't let this history be erased.
And that's what we're trying to do here, trying to take back this power from these charlatans that we've inherited from our parents.
And there's no shame in admitting it.
I want to make gentle the life of this world as we go forward.
I don't want any more of this, what they have done to us.
And so I'm trying to break this wave, this illusion, and I need a lot of help.
This wave is very, very complicated.
You know, at the start of the pandemic, we just thought the wave was composed of some story about a lab leak virus.
It couldn't be that.
And then as we peeled back the layers of the onion, we started to understand this wave was composed of a
a a lollapalooza of liars and it didn't matter what stage you went to you were always going to find the same wave of of of questions that were the wrong questions and answers that were the wrong answers and arguing very very vigorously about these wrong questions and wrong answers
And I think they've been playing this game with us on a number of other fronts.
If you've been here for the first time, you may not be focused on the biology, but you should be.
You may be taking their bait on social media, but you shouldn't be.
And you might not be loving your neighbor as much as you should be.
And so welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological.
We work.
It works because people share the work.
So get out there and share it right now and right after as well.
You can find us at stream.gigaohm.bio.
You can find us on Twitch and also on a soapbox, on Rumble.
The archives are building everywhere now, but I'm most proud of our peer tube, which is the stream.gigaohm.bio.
That's all us.
That's just my family doing that, and a friend of mine on the other side of the planet, a supporter like you, somebody who has done a lot for sharing this.
The paradigm shift is happening right now, and the interesting thing is the paradigm shift is happening on a number of fronts.
Another place where a paradigm shift is happening, I believe, is in this illusion of what Israel is and is not.
And so I'm hoping that my guests can help us pull our hands down and start to engage in a little more informed non-compliance than we're already engaged in.
And make sure you remember, ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga Home Biologically.
do do
Good morning from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I normally don't talk about politics or anything related to religion or geography or anything like that.
I'm usually very focused on America and on biology and trying to pull our heads out of this illusion that there's this international war we need to fight against the who and whoever these other people are.
I don't think that's the case, but that's not the subject here today.
Just to remind you though, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Our guest today will not be speaking to us about those things in general, but will instead be giving us some insight into another, what I think, and I don't want to put words in Dan's mouth,
What I think Dan has come to see as another illusion of consensus where there are these two bad arguments that are being made to fight against one another and then maybe there's a third argument that's even dumber, but all of these things are are ridiculous hamster wheels.
that pit people against each other and divide them on a mythology that they're never going to solve because they believe in a mythology.
It's designed to trap them in it.
This is a video from the Jimmy... What does Zionism actually mean?
I thought Zionism meant there should
I didn't do that very well.
This is a video of my guest Dan Cohen on the Jimmy Dore show.
And here he pretty succinctly explains what he sees Zionism as.
And I wanted to start with this clip simply because I didn't necessarily want to have him reiterate everything, but maybe give him a little head start and save his energy for the stuff that we're going to talk about together.
So just listen to this clip really quick.
I'll put myself in the corner and then we'll bring Dan up.
Like what is Zionism actually mean I thought Zionism meant there should the State of Israel exists, but what does it actually mean?
Zionism is a pseudo messianic movement Of course colonial in nature, so it's a European national nationalist movement that emerged in the middle of the 19th century and
mid to late 19th century.
And basically, it was nationalists who thought, well, we are Jews in Europe, and we don't actually really, we don't like Orthodox Judaism, we reject all of that.
We, we need to reinvent Jews as
without God, without religion, all of that stuff and build a new nation, just like there's the French nation or the English nation or whatever, we're going to have the Jewish nation.
So they transformed the religion into a nation.
And so what did they, but they needed
a national mythology.
So they took the logic of Jewish messianism.
Jewish messianism existed for 2,000 years since the temples were destroyed in Jerusalem.
And the whole idea, the reason the temples were destroyed is because these zealots, when the temples existed, rose up against the empire, thinking they're going to have Jewish sovereignty and a kingdom and all this stuff and get rid of everything.
They got smashed, and Judaism basically was largely destroyed and forever changed.
No more animal sacrifice in the temple.
You have rabbis now.
Rabbis are teachers.
Rabbis said, no more messianic activism, no more trying to have a temple.
That will happen when God chooses.
So for 2,000 years, Orthodox Judaism put the genie back in the bottle, more or less.
There were times when it got out, but they got it back in.
Zionism comes around and says, we are going to take this mythology of Jewish messianism, meaning a Jewish state, Jewish sovereignty, a Jewish army, the ingathering of the Jews, that again, should only happen, according to the rabbis, when God chooses.
We can't have any hand in that.
and building a temple on the Al-Aqsa compound.
And the vast majority of Orthodox Jews rejected this.
They said, this is false messianism.
This is dangerous.
And not only that, it draws from the same poisonous well that anti-Semites draw from that attack us.
So they understood, most Jews correctly understood that this was colonial, racist, and it was also completely against Jewish theology.
But Theodor Herzl, the early Zionists, used essentially the early form of an Israel lobby, where they went to Arthur Balfour in Britain, they went to Tsar Nicholas in Russia, both of which were hardened anti-Semites,
The Tsar had committed pogroms.
He had overseen pogroms against Jews in the Pale of Settlement.
And then he meets with Herzl.
So Herzl is basically able to use diplomacy to get support, to get rid of the Jews of Europe, to send them to Palestine.
This whole logic of Jewish messianism continued through David Ben-Gurion, blah, blah, blah, blah, et cetera, et cetera, all the way to the current day.
Netanyahu, the other day, when he spoke for the first time about October 7, he talked about Joshua bin Nun.
Joshua Ben-Nun is the biblical story of the conquest of Canaan.
The Israelites came and carried out a conquest.
So they believe they conquered that land.
They don't actually believe they're indigenous to it.
They conquered it, therefore it's theirs.
So this messianic language is borrowed, is
taken from Jewish theology and used for nationalist means.
The thing is, it's not like, you know, you just have your Jewish and democratic state.
Well, we showed up there and now we're happy.
No, there's a logic to it.
And it carries on to the point where
Well, we can't have any minorities in Jewish theology.
You have a Jewish state, a Jewish kingdom.
There's no minorities.
That's where Bezalel Smotrych gets this stuff.
It's a dangerous ideology, but it's irrelevant as long as Orthodox Jews don't believe in it.
Well, they don't believe in doing it.
They just believe, well, God will do it at some point.
And we're just going to sit here and twiddle our, you know, study scripture until then.
So, so real quick.
So then the last stage of this is basically what we're entering, where this messianic process goes to, we have to force the Messiah to come through an apocalyptic war called Gog and Magog.
that's what it's known as in, you know, Jewish kind of prophecy.
And that means destruction of the Al-Aqsa compound and construction of a temple so then they can properly worship
God through animal sacrifice, and of course it'll be, you know, a nice way to start a regional or world war.
That is purely the idea of Betsalel Smotrich, of Itamar Ben-Gavir, of all of these religious Zionists, as well as the secular Zionists who are hardcore nationalists who don't believe in any of the
religious kind of gobbledygook.
They just see it as like, yeah, that's our land.
Let's like, you know, yeah, let's get the Palestinians.
Like, let's that's our land.
You said 10% now because we use that 10% pretty much estimating, you know, estimating.
So, okay.
I'm guesstimating that, but they're armed.
But my point is that everyone is lined up behind them.
They are completely running the show.
Just like, you know, Ukraine as, you know, the ads all bites are running the show.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
OK, so that's enough, right?
I mean, sorry, Dan.
I didn't mean to make you wait so long.
No, that's all right.
I really wanted to make it so that it wasn't so much of an intro here.
So I guess it's a real big picture here, but my hello and welcome.
Now you're finally on the screen.
Wow, nice background.
It looks much better than the brighter yellow that was there before.
You can hear me okay?
It's all right?
Oh no, not very good.
That's better probably.
Yeah, now I hear you better.
Yeah, my face is not bright red.
I got my white balance figured out too.
Well, it's hard to balance a great big yellow background that's very brightly lit though too, so that's good.
I'm really happy that you're here.
We've been in communication on and off for a little while now, because you were also doing some journalism on some COVID related things, including death certificate fraud and this kind of thing.
And so I really like kind of the momentum that brought you to again, touch base, because we've never really actually made anything happen with an article or anything like that yet.
But I really feel as though the big parallels between my finally stepping back far enough from COVID and from the pandemic to see it well enough have finally started to draw parallels from your, or be helpful in understanding your perspective.
I don't know if I'm saying it correctly or not, but
If you have anything to correct in that Jimmy Dore video, please start with it.
Otherwise, I think most of the people in my audience have engaged in some way or another, kind of disconnecting from that story.
So I think an update is appropriate.
I think, you know, just giving you the floor is the best thing I can do.
Sure.
Thanks a lot for having me, Jay.
I'm tremendously honored.
Your work has really opened my eyes in a big way.
I've been on this kind of path, at least during the COVID operation.
It took me a year to even break away from the most
The, the, the most basic of lies, you know, you can go back through my Twitter and find all kinds of embarrassing tweets about we need to lock down and all kinds of things like that.
And it took me about a year to to start to break away.
And the 1st thing that sort of opened my eyes was.
Well, first, I read a Washington Post article about they want private security.
They were calling for private security to forcibly inject people on the street, anyone who wouldn't take the jab.
I just thought that was shocking.
And then really it was the death certificate issue, which that's actually when I first got in touch with Jessica Hockett, who I know you're in touch with.
And she helped me kind of understand that to a degree.
And, you know, then it just kind of snowballed to the point where I started investigating the lab leak story and seeing how that was very much not only the lab leak, but the origin story altogether.
natural origin versus lab leak, false dichotomy, how that had been seeded early on in a very sophisticated way by the national security state.
And myself, you know, my experience is like foreign policy, anti-imperialism.
And so once I started to sort of see that propaganda model and these same old
you know, the same old characters that were seeding that narrative that have been involved in so many other regime change operations and disinformation, it became very clear to me that's what was going on.
I was in touch with Denis Rancourt, and I was telling him, I'm very skeptical of this lab leak narrative.
It seems very science fiction to me.
Do you know anyone who can really open that up?
And he told me to contact you.
So and so, you know, you and I, as you said, have been talking for months at the same time.
One of my subjects of I don't I hate I hate the term expertise, I guess intrigue is Israel, Palestine have been that was where I started in journalism back in 2014.
And it's kind of a big focus of mine.
So, you know, even that Jimmy door clip, my my
my analysis of what Zionism is has been, I've refined it significantly since, I mean, I guess that was about six or seven months ago that we recorded that, that I appeared on his show.
And a lot of it is correct, but there's a few things that are a little bit mixed up, that are not totally clear.
But
Before I get into that, I think the relevance of why should we even talk about Zionism on a show where you discuss biology on a daily basis.
These are the same animal.
We are dealing with one big system that is
inseparable.
And if we stay kind of siloed in our respective subjects of intrigue, then we're not going to be able to really see the bigger picture.
So all of this stuff is very closely related.
You know, I'm wearing my Fives Rail shirt.
Nice.
You know, so that is yucky, man.
It's a nice shirt.
It's funny, but it's also terrifying.
I mean, exactly.
It's hard to laugh at it without realizing how macabre it is.
Exactly.
So so, you know, I mean, this this really encapsulates how how much it's really one system.
So I guess, you know, I see what I learned through my investigation of the
of the origins narrative and listening, you know, talking with you and examining your work, is how there is a false dichotomy, a false binary that is
basically given as propaganda to the masses so we can stay inside a certain paradigm that is, you know, precisely where our elites, our ruling class want us to stay.
And that's certainly the case with the COVID origins narrative.
and is very much the case, I've realized, in recent months, with Zionism, to the point where, you know, I had a viral tweet on, like, October 7th or October 8th at some point, saying, I'm Jewish, I'm a Jewish guy, I had my bar mitzvah in Israel, and I 100% support Palestinian resistance.
Now, obviously, it's controversial, you know, but it went massively viral.
And, you know, some people may take offense to that, but I spent seven months in the Gaza Strip in 2014, 15, 16.
I made a documentary called Killing Gaza.
For me, it was like being in the Warsaw Ghetto.
And so, you know, when I saw October 7th happen, I see it as an act of liberation.
The inmates escaped.
the prisoners escaped, the concentration camp inmates escaped.
And, you know, it showed me that liberation is possible.
And that's still how I see it to this day.
And we may not like exactly how it happened.
And even though there's still
not enough clarity of what exactly happened in certain parts of that, which is beyond the scope of this conversation.
The point of that is my tweet was about, it made this whole thing about being Jewish.
And my name is Dan Cohen, obviously I'm from a Jewish background, if anyone can't figure that out.
And so I grew up in a secular Jewish household in a suburb of Phoenix, Arizona.
and um the thing is in the same way basically the concept is in the same way that we are given this false binary of lab leak versus
natural origin, we are given this idea about Israel and Zionism that it's like a Jewish debate.
So, when I tweet on October 7th that I'm Jewish, and this is my position on the whole thing, or someone who is pro-Israel says, well, I'm Jewish, and here's my position on the whole thing, then it becomes just an intra-Jewish debate, when that's not fundamentally what it's about, because
Zionism, for one thing, is not Judaism.
I sort of explained it in that concept.
Zionism is nationalism.
It's a European nationalist concept that just took Judaism, emptied it of all of its meaning, anything religious, anything of the real
of the actual definition of Judaism and made it into a nationality, and really a race.
A lot of people will say, who are critical of Zionism, myself included, I've said this in the past, that Zionism is Jewish supremacy.
Well, Zionism is only Jewish supremacy if you accept the Zionist definition of a Jew, which is not a religious person, but is a race.
And so, therefore, we are accepting, by saying that, we are accepting the premise of both Zionism
which sees Jews as a superior race and of anti-Semitism, of Nazism, which sees Jews as an inferior race.
They have that in common where they, neither of them see it, what it actually, the real definition of a Jew, which is a religion.
And, you know, if you're, if you don't believe in, you know, people say there are atheist Jews.
How can you be an atheist?
How can you be a Jew if you don't believe in God?
It's just, it's, it's totally absurd.
So, um,
So basically, as long as you, as we believe in this, how many people, how many people in Israel would disagree with the idea that Judaism isn't a religion and not a race?
would disagree with that?
So how many people think it's really a religion and not a race?
No, I'm sorry that I asked it wrong.
I mean, how many people would actually argue that, no, it is a race?
That's the point, or something like that.
That's really a Zionist exclusive thing?
Because people trace their Jewishness in America through their mom.
They say, because my mom was Jewish, I'm Jewish.
I mean, they all do it.
But that's only a religious concept.
That's only according to the Jewish religion.
So if you're not a religious person, then if you don't practice the religion, if you don't believe in the religion and the theology,
then why would you, you know, if you don't believe in God or you don't do any of that stuff, then you don't believe that you're, you know, that because my mother was Jewish, then I'm Jewish.
So that's part of how the religious concepts have been taken and sort of and racialized.
I mean, I was taught in my reform secular synagogue growing up as a teenager, like a young teenager, that Judaism is a religion and a race.
which is a very dangerous concept.
It's crazy to me that people think that, but I don't think there's really not another religion that people think of as a secular Jew or an atheist Jew.
If you're not a practicing Catholic or a Muslim, then you're not a Muslim anymore, and that's okay.
It's fine.
You mean there's no such thing as an atheist Muslim?
Have you ever heard that?
I mean, people talk about.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like it's a total it just doesn't make sense at all.
So but we're supposed to think that is true about Jews and that lens and that is based on a racial concept, which is, of course, phony.
So.
All this to say.
Basically, American, because Western Jews, a lot of us are secular, myself included, who were raised with this idea that I'm Jewish, but not in a religious way.
I'm secular.
I live a secular lifestyle.
I don't observe the Sabbath, I don't wear a kippah, any of these things, then Judaism is just an identity.
And therefore, if we can debate all day about, you know, should Israel do this?
Should Israel do that?
But if you abandon the whole concept of Judaism as a race,
or a nationality or an ethnicity or or any of the things it is not it's none of those things it is only a religion then
You basically, it's almost like you're playing tug of war, and the other guy wants you.
They want you.
Zionists want us to play tug of war with them.
But the real way to win is to just let go, and then the whole thing falls down.
So you have, for example, you have pro-Israel Jews.
uh... who are who say you know what israel's doing and gaza is justified because of security threats and threats to the jewish people and cetera cetera even though and their and they're accepting the false definition of jews as a nation or a race
Benjamin Netanyahu is the prime minister of Israel, so by Zionist definition, he's basically the leader of the Jews, but he's not religious at all.
He's one of the most Machiavellian figures in all of politics, and he cheats.
He doesn't keep the Sabbath.
He's a total sinner.
So they accept this definition.
And then on the other side, you have like what I tweeted on October 7th.
Well, I'm, as a Jew, you know, basically saying, as a Jew, I reject this, but I'm playing into this idea that Israel is, and Zionism, are a Jewish question.
Or, you know, the other side of another side of the debate is you have groups like Jewish Voice for Peace, which is one of the kind of prominent sort of anti-occupation groups here in Washington.
And, you know, and they have, like, tons of young college-educated, you know, kind of young left-wing Jews who all say, you know, not in our name.
We oppose what Israel is doing as Jews.
And really,
you know, Israel has nothing to do with Judaism.
It's a nationalist concept.
It's a nationalist ideology, Zionism is, that took Judaism and emptied it of all of its meanings and then filled it with something completely different.
And so as long as, you know, we're playing into one of those three, you know, you can have any number of different opinions.
as long as you believe that zionism is judaism whether you're a raging anti-semite who thinks you know look what israel's killing all these uh... poor people that's why we have to get rid of jews or you can set you know any of these opinions uh... fall within the confines of what they want us to believe about zionism and israel if you actually take a real uh... honest approach and say no this is not the religion you know you have
traditional religious Jews completely reject Zionism.
It is the worst sin for them.
They see it as I said in the door hit false messianism.
They see it as an actual impediment to the coming of the Messiah to this, you know, supernatural, you know, belief happening.
So, so the parallel
is again that as long as we're playing tug of war and the rope is this is a Jewish issue, we're never going to actually win.
We're playing their game.
The same way that as long as we're debating
Did it come from a lab, or did it come from a bat in a cave in southern China, or something else?
Did it accidentally slip out?
Was it released by the CCP intentionally in some military?
Any of that stuff, it all is within the confines of what they want us to think.
So it's really just about kind of liberating ourselves from
PSYOPs, and then seeing that this is the same big system.
There's a reason that Israel
was what a Pfizer exec called a laboratory for their products.
There's a reason that Israel was selected for the Green Pass.
And with that Pfizer agreement, they were given all of the private data of all these people, of all of its citizens who participated in this.
I mean, I can, you know, expand on that a little bit.
I don't know.
But, you know, so so to me, it's all about like.
Disassembling the psyops, getting it right from the it's almost like, you know, if you don't if you don't know what one plus one is, everything else, if your foundation is off, everything else in your analysis.
is going to be off.
If you believe that a PCR test, a positive PCR test, means you have COVID, everything else is going to be off.
If you believe that Israel or Zionism is Judaism, as even myself, an anti-Zionist, expressed on October 7th, everything else in your analysis is going to be off.
So that's basically the idea.
It sounds a bit like you are sort of also feeling a little regret for not having seen it earlier.
I mean, that's also, you know, part of the thing that I find disingenuous about a lot of the people that are on television talking about either COVID or Israel is that they know everything.
They're absolutely sure they're right.
They've been right from the beginning and obviously, obviously, obviously.
So we can throw out the idea that October 7th was just a spontaneous security breach.
You don't have to comment too much, but I think a lot of people already were like, how do you have that drone footage if, you know, like, I mean, all this stuff just seems so bizarre.
You know, paragliders, this kind of thing.
versus reaction because that was one of these other false kind of mini false debates like maybe early treatment was in COVID that, you know, we have to debate about how bad was October 7th.
Are we really sure that this didn't happen or that didn't happen?
Because if those things happen, then this is okay.
And so we were running in hamster wheels there on the media as well.
At what, I mean, do you see Gaza as kind of a thing where
I'm trying to think about how the United States is participating or not participating in this.
Are we just letting it go or are we also getting something out of this?
I mean, we must be able to watch everything they're doing or not.
Can we watch everything they're doing?
Does the American government in your mind know
everything that's going on in Gaza, even the stuff that's not being reported?
Are they keeping track of everything?
Or is it an impenetrable laboratory controlled by the IDF?
How do you see that?
I mean, I think, you know, I don't know exactly to what degree of granular detail the U.S.
knows everything that's happening in Gaza.
But I mean, they know what's going on overall.
I mean,
The U.S.
is completely responsible for what's going on.
I mean, without U.S.
support, Israel would not be able to do what it's doing at all.
I mean, the vast majority of the bombs Israel is dropping on Gaza are manufactured here in the United States.
All of the political support, all the diplomatic support, all of the vetoes at the U.N.
Security Council for ceasefire resolutions when, you know, the rest of the
permanent members, the UN Security Council was in support of it, or at worst, abstained.
The US was the only one that blocked the resolution.
So if Biden today wanted to call Netanyahu and say it's done, it would be done.
That would be it.
So it really comes back to
to the U.S.
and the U.S.
basically has ceded its leverage, all of its leverage to Israel for a number of reasons.
I think, you know, I think that
I mean, of course, there's, you know, the Israel lobby.
You can read the great book by John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt that talks about, that basically shows how the Israel lobby operates.
There's an excellent film that was
produced by Al Jazeera investigations, and then they tried to squash it.
They tried to censor it and not release it, and then it made its way to daylight with an outlet called the Electronic Intifada.
That shows total Israeli interference in U.S.
politics from basically all levels.
But I think, you know, so the Israel lobby is not a big secret.
I think there's sort of an ideological aspect that hasn't really been discussed a lot, and I don't even think I've talked about.
You know, Gaza, for me, I mean, you basically have two and a half million people
who are not of what Zionists consider the Jewish race and so were ethnically cleansed from their villages back in 1947-1948 into this area which at the time was behind the Egyptian army lines and
Once again, they've been attacked, and over the decades, they've been basically penned in.
Originally, barbed wire was slated to be put up around them, and now it's turned into this total dystopian
system where you have people living behind various layers of walls and security and cameras and all kinds of sensors, the most high-tech sensors, and if they try to get out, they will be shot by either a sniper on site or they will be shot by remote control machine guns manned by an all
female team in an underground base miles away.
And I've seen these things shoot at people.
You know, I've spent a lot of time in this place, so I know it intimately.
You have two to three hours of electricity per day.
When you turn on your sink, you get salt water.
The aquifer has been ruined.
So life is atrocious there.
At any point, you can just be killed.
There's a constant hum, a chorus of drones over your head at any time, which are carrying warheads, and they can just kill anybody.
At any point, there are F-16s.
There's zero sovereignty.
I mean, you are just a complete,
non-person, non-human to this entity that controls every aspect of your life and can extinguish it with the flick of a button at any moment.
And so I think, you know, it's not really about fundamentally, it's not just about Palestine.
This is the vision that they have for all of us.
So any surplus population or any unruly population can basically be ghettoized
and if they resist, can be exterminated.
They can use them for testing weapons.
They can use them for testing pharmaceutical products.
They can use them for anything they want.
And so I think one of the reasons our politicians here in the U.S.
are so incredibly committed to Israel and say, oh, we love Jewish people so much, is because it gives them an excuse
it gives them a cover to implement this kind of system at home, where we saw lockdowns, we saw people punished in all kinds of arbitrary and crazy ways.
It's like a lust for power.
For example, Julian Assange, I think in the early 2000s,
Hillary Clinton said about Julian Assange, can't we just kill him with a drone?
Can't we just take him out with a drone strike?
And this is like exactly what happens in Gaza.
Joe Biden called Julian Assange a high-tech terrorist, meaning he wants to kill him.
I mean, a terrorist, you know, we kill terrorists.
We don't put them on trial.
So this is
this dystopian future you know the palestinians are kind of the canary in the coal mine and the way they are able to implement this kind of
System is it's not going to look exactly the same.
Of course.
You know, we have we have a country of what?
350 million people.
We're not all going to be, um, you know, rounded up and stuffed into into, you know, one tiny little area, but they're gonna they want to Segregate and ghetto wise different populations.
Um, populations that resist.
Um And
strip away our rights, our individual freedoms.
And then, you know, the way they're able to do this is by this.
I think the reason that Zionism and Israel are so perfect for this is because it gives them a moral cover.
You know, they can say, well, because of the Holocaust, we have to have
You know, we have to support Zionism.
That's what the Germans, you know, the Germans are huge support.
Germany is a huge supporter of Israel, provides it nuclear weapon armed submarines, for example, has given it all kinds of military and diplomatic support throughout this whole Gaza slaughter.
So they can always say, oh, well, the Jews have been through so much, and after the Holocaust, we have to support the Jews, and all of these things.
And you'll see this incredible virtue signaling.
When Albert Bourla, the CEO of Pfizer, he was given the Genesis Award, which is basically a big Zionist award, and this big ceremony in Israel.
They had this video of Jews in the concentration camps in Nazi Europe, and then this kind of montage of them being liberated and founding the State of Israel, which is total mythology.
But this is like the ultimate sort of moral cover because of what actually did really happen to Jews.
Joe Biden can say, well, I'm a Zionist, and use that moral cover, or Hillary Clinton, or whoever, when in fact, what they are doing is the opposite of anything that's good for Jews or anyone else.
It gives them Zionism, how it exploits Judaism, and Jewish persecution gives this system
of kind of global governance, a perfect sheen of moral authority.
Can I just throw this out there because I didn't want to play the clip because I don't like to go there, but the only other person that says it this well in my estimation and said it a long time ago, I mentioned this in an email, is actually somebody that a lot of people just think is nuts, which
It begs the question to me, maybe they let him say it all those many years ago to make sure that people would associate the idea of Zionism not being Judaism as nuts.
And this is David Icke.
David Icke has been saying basically that the victim of Zionism is
the real Jewish people, and yet somehow or another, the only one who's been able to articulate it before the pandemic and many years before the pandemic is somebody like him.
Do you think that they're showing us Gaza so that we are unaware of our own predicament in some ways?
Is this, because they show it every night on the PBS NewsHour, and it is relentless.
I find it just, it is extraordinary.
For me, I thought that after October 7th, there would be some two week thing.
I don't know how, it seems like we're going an awful long time after that.
So clearly this is not,
Somebody in my chat asked about Max Blumenthal and Aaron Mathe.
Are you familiar with these two guys?
I know you worked with Max before.
Can you just speak to those two guys a little bit?
How are they doing?
Yeah, I mean, I used to be extremely close with Max.
I made the documentary Killing Gaza with him.
And we had a personal falling out, which I've sought to resolve.
But politically, I mean, I think he's he's sharp.
I, you know, since I've kind of clarified my understanding of Zionism and Judaism and an even
more sort of distinct way than I did before, I do see prominent anti-Zionists like Max and others using this term Jewish supremacy, which I'm critical of because it, as I said before, accepts the Zionist and anti-Semitic definition of Judaism as a race.
Because, you know, if it were Jewish supremacy, then real
supremacy based on actual Judaism, then you'd be afforded privileges based on how religious you are, when in fact, it's purely for belonging to this supposed race.
But nonetheless, you know, I mean, I very much respect Max and Aaron, both of their journalism.
Wow, it's just never, it dawned on me.
Now, thank you for that answer.
I just wanted to make sure that I didn't skip that question in the chat.
Sure, sure.
It never dawned on me, you know, there's this book, The Bell Curve, and that book actually also, by reading it, you just assume that, okay, so I guess I've accepted it.
Jew is a race, and so we can measure the intelligence of the Jewish race.
I see that very clearly now, at least in your model and your paradigm.
It makes sense to see it that way.
That's why that book was written in the first place then, or at least one of the overarching goals of that book.
Do you see that too, or no?
That's cool.
Yeah, I mean, I never read it.
But to me, it's it's just shows how like everything even even, you know, anti Zionists like myself and I, you know, I mean, I was on the Jimmy Dore show talking about, you know, to tens of thousands of people talking about
what is Zionism after several years of journalism and studying the whole concept.
And even I was promoting Zionist propaganda, you know, so it just goes to show that Zionist propaganda is so incredibly pervasive.
And unless we have very specific, clearly articulated definitions of what is Jew and what is Zionism, you know, just like,
what is a COVID case, you know, which is an incredibly vague concept.
And unless you
and frankly, meaningless concept, then everything else that follows from those flawed definitions is going to be off.
So yeah, I mean, it's everyone accepts, and you know, people who aren't anti-Semitic, the vast majority of people, you know, don't hate Jews, but they accept that they think of Jews as a race.
And it's basically because
that's how you know even jews i mean myself and everyone i grew up with all we all except the concept that yes were a religion but then there is a uh... sort of that you know there's something else to it there's a culture there is an ethnicity there is a you know it and it's really none of that stuff there's no sit there's no jewish you know matzo ball soup and uh... you know and and locks and and bagels
that's maybe Ashkenazi, that's Eastern European, but there are other people that eat that, you know, or Syrian Jews eat Syrian food or Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Jews eat, you know, the same food as other people.
So there's no
Oh my gosh, I'm seeing all kinds of things.
If you argue about the size of somebody's nose, indicating that you're already arguing the same thing too.
It's incredible actually.
Wow.
A lot of these tropes reinforce this tremendously without you even knowing it that, Oh, I'm ashamed that people say that, but if they say that and you accept it, then you accept it.
I mean, it's incredible.
Wow.
Right.
Um, what was I going to say?
Um,
I don't know, it skipped my mind.
I didn't sleep enough last night.
I had this much better sketched out in my head last night, and my daughter woke me up.
Oh, that's all right.
I definitely understand that.
So I think that these big ideas that you started with, which is Zionism being a Jewish debate or not, and Zionism being nationalism, not some kind of race or any kind of descendancy, I think is really, really important.
The disappointment for me was also a revelation because I was, for a brief period of time,
believing that that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was going to be somebody that I could rally behind.
And I was so excited to be helping him with his on his book.
But once this came out, it's interesting because number one, there was this viral video of him at a dinner party where he talks about the ethnic targeting of COVID.
And he refers to the Jewish race as being the least vulnerable, which was also feeding right into this trope of where you accept the idea that Jewish
is Jewish, is both a religion and a race.
And then he, of course, takes this really hardline opinion.
I guess Rabbi Shmuley or some guy is some dude that he talks to all the time.
So at that stage, I just had that illusion broken very, very quickly, because even if
he would have taken a more nuanced position within this false dichotomy, I probably wouldn't have seen it.
That's the scary part, right?
He could have taken an opinion and made it so that I would have never been able to escape the paradigm that they have us trapped in.
So I find it really, really insightful how you've been able to lay it out so far.
How has that been hitting with you with this guy, Bobby Kennedy?
Well, you know, I first saw him speak.
I never really paid attention to him before until I went to the Defeat the Mandates rally here in D.C., which, you know, upon reflection, I see it as very much like a controlled opposition sort of event.
But at the time, you know, I found it pretty inspiring, and particularly his speech on, you know, our ruling class, our elites now have these systems of control that were unimaginable to the greatest of tyrants in history.
And he said, you know, even Anne Frank wouldn't have been able to escape, even though she didn't escape.
His point was that it's true that the systems of control are much more advanced for any totalitarian system, and so he was attacked.
I thought his point was great and true, and he was attacked in the media,
And he ended up apologizing for it, which I publicly said he shouldn't apologize for at the time.
And that showed me that he's subject, he's going to fall under political pressure.
Nonetheless, I thought I was like, this guy, there's something to him.
When I saw
it's
casino mogul who once said that he wanted to bomb Iran, drop a nuclear bomb on Iran.
I mean, the guy's a total fanatic.
He's the perfect example of Zionists, claims to be Jewish.
does, is not religious at all, and embodies all of the worst stereotypes about Jews.
That is the essence of Zionism.
And so this is the guy who's funding Rabbi Shmuley, who also is, again, one of these, he's like a, he's like an anti-Semitic stereotype.
That's what Zionists really are.
He claims to be a rabbi, but is involved in all kinds of unholy, unpious ventures, including selling adult toys with his daughter.
They have a business together, and he stands with her in these videos and promotes this stuff.
So then people say, look, this is what Jews are promoting.
This is what Jews are doing.
Jews are selling us pornography and all these kinds of terrible influences.
Rabbi Shmuley and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
do this appearance together, and I see Kennedy basically just adopting the most fanatical talking points.
As you said, if he had taken a more moderate, middle-of-the-road approach,
might have gottenit would have been less clear.
But he just adopted the most extreme talking points, and he said them in a wayit was obvious he had no idea what he was talking about.
So what it showed me is that he was totally dishonest.
He had no actual character, and he was for sale to the highest bidder.
So at that point, I mean, this was about a year ago when I first saw that.
And I did a live stream on my channel, Uncaptured Media, where I just kind of like went through it and discussed it and laid all this out.
And it was clear to me that, you know, I think there are people in kind of the so-called medical freedom movement who kind of wanted to, you know, overlook that or don't really care about that or, you know, that's not my issue.
But to me, seeing how he embraced the most fanatical strains of Zionism, because for whatever reason, for political reasons, showed me it was like the light kind of peeking through, that this guy is not what he says he is.
And for someone to talk about systems of totalitarianism,
but support the most extreme version of that in what the state of Israel is doing to the Gaza Strip is the most hypocritical stance possible.
So between that and then seeing how he promotes lab leak, it's like he is staying carefully within these false paradigms.
He is promoting PSYOPs to the people
who are sort of dissident.
And that's what I, you know, about a year ago, that's what I was, and this is before I had kind of got onto the false dichotomy of lab leak and natural origin, the phony COVID origins debate.
That's what I saw is that, you know, this guy is gonna be used to basically bring in dissident thinkers, whether on the left or whether on the right, and corral them back into the establishment, whether it's through Zionism or whether it's through the,
you know, lab leak thing.
Yeah, and what really depresses me about it as my brain kind of ran through the simulation to its logical conclusion, then you have to go pre-pandemic and wonder at what stage was that, what were they all playing against us?
That's the part that really becomes disturbing because I've kind of come to the conclusion that a lot of what
I thought was happening and when I first got involved with him and CHD is not what was really happening even before the pandemic.
In fact, they were kind of a group of people that was keeping a lid on a problem that all of these, you know, they needed somebody to be able to shout at and to listen to them and whatever.
And so a lot of this
the public health disaster that is the American vaccine schedule was actually covered up by some of these organizations, I'm afraid.
And so again, it is going to be hard.
But can you, I know you don't have too much more time, but can you briefly maybe give us a couple examples in your long experience with this where you ran up against
sort of a denial of your work or a denial of your message because of whatever reason.
I don't know how many good examples you have, but you must have some good examples that are completely independent of COVID.
But obviously, like, wait, what?
You won't let me say that?
That doesn't make sense.
Can you give us any of those examples?
You mean in terms of like institution, like inside institutions or just with people in general?
I don't know.
I mean, at some point you must have been naive and thought you could just call the Wall Street Journal and say that you have a really good story, or you tried to make an effort in some way that revealed
How long have you known that you needed to have uncaptured media, for example?
That's your thing.
But how long have you realized that that was a giant problem as a journalist?
Maybe that's a better question.
Well, I mean, I got into journalism.
I never tried to work in the mainstream media.
I mean, I'm 39 now.
I spent my 20s.
I took a few years off college, and I finished in 2009, right when the economy crashed.
So basically, everything I'd done was for nothing.
And so I took years trying to figure out what to do professionally.
I couldn't be motivated to just get a job for a good salary.
I was basically doing labor, and I had a trade for a while.
kind of thought about journalism for a while, but didn't think I was, you know, thought you had to be some kind of incredible genius to do it.
And then I just decided to go for it one day doing independent journalism.
So I never tried to kind of flirt with the mainstream.
And I've just always been kind of on outside of it and very critical of it.
So, you know, and it's and I, I struggled for years.
And now I'm, you know, in a better position.
But yeah, no, I mean, I never tried with the mainstream or, you know, legacy media.
I mean, where I run into walls, honestly, is more, you know, and this is why I think this conversation is very useful, is where, you know, I have people on, particularly on the left,
who tend to see through, you know, who are very astute on their analysis of Zionism.
And even though a lot of these, you know, a lot of these people still accept the Zionist definition of, you know, they believe that Zionism is Jewish supremacy.
And now I'm working on that.
In the last two months, I've started really trying to focus on that to sort of break that down.
But nonetheless, people who see the propaganda models very clearly on the left with Zionism and Israel and how that is sold to us.
And then, you know, on, I guess, more on the right, though, you know, those terms are all very amorphous.
People who see through a lot of COVID propaganda and understand we were lied to,
for years about that, but cannot reconcile the two and don't see them as related.
And what I see is not only are they the same animal, we are fed, they use the same propaganda models against us.
So for example, when COVID kicked off with two weeks to slow or stop the spread,
And then, of course, you know, that was the, you know, that was the hook, that was the entry point for an entire paradigm shift.
It's the same with, you know, when October, after October 7th, around October 13th or so, Israel said that all of northern Gaza has to evacuate the area so it could, so Israel could fight terrorists.
And then now,
People in northern Gaza, seven, eight months later, are living in tent camps at the very southern edge of Gaza, up against the border with Egypt, and they've just been bombed.
So, you know, it was like, just go along with this little bit, and then you basically give it all up.
I think that was an AI mistake though, the targeting of the AI that Palantir or whatever was running.
I think that was just a mistake.
That's what they're saying.
It was like a tragic mistake that they bombed the tents.
Totally, no, no, no, totally, totally intentional.
I mean, they know exactly what they're doing.
There's no way that's, and then, in fact, they've done it twice since the first time.
Netanyahu said it was a mistake, and then he did it two more times.
They said it was a mistake, and then they said that actually there were two Hamas militants there, and then they said that they intercepted a phone conversation.
I mean, it's just been a series of contradictory lies, but
You know, I mean, without trying to provoke any any terrible emotions, I presume over your time there, you've met people that you've lost.
I mean, where is their count at?
You know, a lot of the people that I became close with when I was in Gaza were sort of of a, I guess a more middle middle class.
And so they've managed over the years to leave Gaza, which is it's, it's extremely hard and expensive to leave Gaza.
But it can be done.
Or you can't just walk to the gate and go to Israel and pick up a flight that that's not how that works.
No, can't do that.
There are two crossings out of Gaza.
There's one into Israel, which is extremely difficult to get.
I met elderly people
who had American visas that were expired.
Basically, they had to get permission from the Americans and the Israeli security services to leave Gaza, to go to the American embassy or consulate in Jerusalem, and then in order to do an interview to obtain a visa.
Then, and they go back in the same day, go back to Gaza.
They had purchased flights, they had American visas to come to the U.S.
to be with their daughter who was living in St.
Louis.
were not allowed out of Gaza again.
They waited years, their visas expired.
Then they managed to repeat that process and get new U.S.
visas.
And I met them and they were waiting to get those and they couldn't get out.
So the whole, it's incredibly difficult to get permission to go out of the crossing with Israel.
You're subjected to all kinds of- What if you want to go to like spring break or something though?
Like if you wanted to go to Florida for a couple of weeks, you can't?
Not a chance.
I mean, you are a subhuman.
You have no rights.
I mean, that concept of going on a vacation just does not exist.
The other way to go is to go into Egypt.
Egypt collaborates very closely with Israel.
You know, we give all kinds of huge amounts of money.
I think the second most
a huge amount of money to Egypt to basically collaborate with Israel.
Is the Egyptian government under any pressure to reject that aid and go and save the Palestinians or not really?
Or we just don't see that pressure?
Yeah, no, there is public pressure, but the Egyptian, it's basically like a sort of dictatorship where the president, Sisi, who is very close to the U.S., he was installed in a coup.
So and when people demonstrated against it, I mean, they massacred like hundreds of them in the street.
So people are very, very afraid to go out and demonstrate.
So definitely there's a lot of sympathy for the Palestinians in Egypt.
But, you know, they're living under this under the boot, too.
I see.
So to go out of Rafah, you know, you can like you
You have to have somewhere to go.
You have to basically bribe the Egyptians with several thousand dollars per person.
It's very, very difficult.
Unemployment is something like 80 percent.
People in Gaza live in extreme poverty, the vast majority of the people.
They don't have anywhere near that kind of money.
And so if you try to take a boat out to sea, the Israeli Navy will shoot you.
If you try to walk to Israel, they will shoot you.
I mean, I've watched this happen.
So, I mean, you're just in a big concentration camp.
That's it.
And if you're of a certain class, then you have a possibility of travel, but for 90,
8% of the population, that's just a total impossibility.
Are there really Palestinians in the Israeli parliament then or not?
Or they're just pretend Palestinians or they can't do anything or what?
Yes, there are a handful of Palestinians in the Israeli parliament.
Basically, the vast majority of Palestinians were expelled by Zionist militias and the Israeli military in 1947 and 1948.
So, in Israel proper, what Palestinians consider 1948 Palestine, the 1948 borders, there is a Palestinian minority that remained.
They lived under an Israeli military dictatorship until 1967.
And then they were given the right to vote.
So they are Israeli citizens, but they do not have national self-determination.
They don't have national rights.
So you have
Like on Israeli IDs, according to Israel, there's no such thing as an Israeli.
On your Israeli ID, it lists your religion or, you know, what they consider your race.
It does not list, you know, say citizen of Israel, but it says you're Jewish.
Oh, wow.
Interesting.
So it's not a country of its citizens.
It's a country for one
nationality at the expense of others.
And so does Israel have a certain, as you said, if you're a certain class, so then are there a certain class of Palestinians that they can film crossing the border without friction?
And so then they can point to those Palestinians and say, hey, we let safe Palestinians travel freely.
It's just all the people we don't trust that we keep penned in this cage.
Right, right.
And of course, there's a collaborator class.
In the West Bank, that's who rules.
They have this kind of fiction that's called the Palestinian Authority, which is hardly Palestinian and has zero authority.
And it's funded by the U.S.
and Europe and Israel in order to crack down on Palestinian resistance.
And that's who operates in the West Bank.
To answer your question about Palestinian representation in Israel's parliament in the Knesset, yes, there are Palestinians in there, but they're a minority, of course.
They have no significant political power.
In 2017 or 2018, Israel passed what's called the Nation State Law, which explicitly defined Israel's character as a so-called Jewish state.
So it cemented this concept of
you know, of Zionism as the national ideology.
And, you know, anyone who does not fit within that racial category as lesser, you know, they don't have national rights, even if they are a citizen.
One of the things that I think I heard from you, we're going to have to stop soon if you have an interview at noon.
The that I would like to bring up just to to make sure that we cover it is this idea that if there was an Israeli settlement and there were terrorists in the settlement that they might just bomb the whole settlement.
And if there were some settlers there, they would just be casualties considered part of the the sort of
the doctrine, whatever it is that they do, which is just we wipe them all out.
And if there's some people next to them or whatever, it's just the way it is.
How does this, how can we, how can we bring Americans to understand that kind of mentality?
I mean, I don't,
It's hard for me to explain it.
In the United States military, I think there might be something called a look-away doctrine where you just don't want to know what's behind the curtain.
This seems a little more overt if their military operates under this principle.
That's a lot of people that know what's going on.
Am I wrong about that?
Yeah, it's called the Hannibal Directive, what you're referring to.
And the Hannibal Directive is basically a military protocol, an Israeli military protocol,
that when a, originally it was a soldier, was taken captive, then they, the military does everything possible to kill that soldier, in fact, to prevent him from being taken captive.
So then the, you know, Palestinians or Lebanese or, you know, whoever the captors are, could use them to extract concessions, usually meaning release of political prisoners.
So, this started in the 80s and, you know, was used, I mean, a few times, really several times.
In 2000, I believe 2008, the Israeli soldier, I don't know, 2006, Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier, was taken captive in Gaza.
And he was released for about 1,100 Palestinian prisoners in 2011.
And so after thatand that was extremely politically Costly.
copy exactly costly the best way to describe it uh... there was a huge debate in israeli society eleven eleven hundred people you know that a prison for this one soldier well you know maybe we have to sacrifice that one but in fact the vast majority the overwhelming majority of those eleven hundred were uh... political prisoners who had not committed any act of violence number one let alone
The others are political prisoners, too, because the acts of violence they had carried out were against the occupation, were in response to the occupation.
So, it's this Zionist refusal to examine the actual reasons for the violence that they experience at the hands of Palestinians.
So,
This happened in 2014.
They implemented the Hannibal Directive in Rafah, in the south of Gaza, where a couple of soldiers were nabbed by some Palestinian fighters, and they bombed the whole area and killed something like 125 Palestinians and those soldiers.
And I went about a week or two weeks later, I actually went to the site and saw what it looked like.
And on October 7th,
this Hannibal Directive was enacted on like a mass scale and since then.
So basically, Hamas' goal on October 7th was to wipe out the Gaza Division of the Israeli military, the Gaza Battalion, which it successfully did, and also take a bunch of captives into Gaza so then it could negotiate to exchange them for Palestinian prisoners.
Israel basically decided, when it understood it was happening, to implement this Hannibal Directive, and so they just basically bombed everything in sight.
All these vehicles that were going back into Gaza, or people on bicycles or motorcycles or donkey-pulled carts, were all hit by helicopters.
with rockets and missiles or massive guns, and they killed a ton of people.
There are several documented proven examples of this on October 7th.
But they're including, I mean, the most famous one is in what's called Kibbutz Beri, like a settlement just outside of Gaza, where about 40 Hamas fighters came, took over the kibbutz, took about 14 or 15 people into one house,
and wanted to negotiate with the Israeli authorities to have safe passage to take them back into Gaza.
It turned out the Israeli authorities weren't even there for several hours.
So these Palestinian militants were just hiding in this house with these people, with these captives, including two children.
I mean, these were not soldiers.
These are civilians.
And they're in this house, and they could have just casually strolled across into Gaza.
But they stayed there.
And when the Israeli military showed up, they immediately opened fire.
It had a long firefight with the Palestinians, who basically had these captives.
And then when an Israeli tank arrived on the scene around sundown, around 7 p.m., the commander on the scene
ordered the tank to open fire on the house.
And so they did.
And this Israeli tank killed everyone inside, except one woman who survived.
And she, there were actually two survivors.
There was one woman who was, she managed to convince the leader of the Hamas fighters to negotiate his release with the Israelis.
So she got out.
And then when the tank arrived,
the tank fired on the house and everyone was killed except one woman who also gave her account of what happened.
So it became a big scandal in Israel with the families and the survivors demanding an investigation, and the Israeli military just basically blew it off.
And then there's, you know, there's, there's, this is just one example of it.
So basically,
The Hannibal Directive, this concept of killing all the captives, as many captives as possible in order to prevent their exchange, has been applied according to one Israeli official across the entire Gaza Strip.
The idea is to just kill captives rather than try to secure their release.
The captives who have been released, who were exchanged back in November,
They all have said that the scariest part were the bombs dropping around me, these 2,000-pound bombs that take out a whole building.
Some of them were in the next building over.
They're in tunnels underneath the ground.
50 meters underground and when one of these bombs hits, you know, the whole tunnel sways they talk about that.
So The Israeli military is not interested in trying to secure inch in securing their release it's just Basically just kill as many people as possible and you know, no negotiations whatsoever Has your obviously
updated with important nuance understanding of the situation.
Has that influenced at all your being able to finalize your film and get it out?
And how's that working?
Can you kind of give us a wrap up of what you're doing and where to find you so you can, you know, take a break and get on to your next interview?
Yeah.
You know, I'm actually, I've been working on this film about Israel's Third Temple movement for, basically I started, when I started in journalism, I just started following their activities and
Third Temple Movement?
Are you talking about the Red Heifer stuff that I see?
Exactly.
Oh my gosh.
Wow.
Yeah, exactly.
So I've been filming them for years and years and I've managed to raise enough money to have a professional crew to do all of this filming.
We're still filming these weeks.
And so that's what I'm working on full time.
I, you know, I'm actually, I was planning to release the documentary a couple of years ago, and I'm very thankful I didn't because I was still using this kind of Zionist propaganda concept.
I was still, you know, I hadn't broken free of that Zionist propaganda about even what I explained on Jimmy Dore when I said, you know, the genie has been lit out of the bottle because, you know, Zionism took this
religious concept and then just made it real, even that's really not true.
Because Zionism, you know, Orthodox Judaism, Judaism never sought political sovereignty.
It was never like, oh, when God says, then we'll have political sovereignty.
Jewish theology is talking about a complete, you know, it's talking about a utopia.
It doesn't exist.
It's talking, you know, the lion will lay down with the lamb.
There will be peace between all the nations.
All of these things.
This is not something you can achieve by political means.
This is something completely supernatural that they believe will happen when
Jews are righteous enough when people like me return to Judaism and keep the Sabbath and all of these things.
And so it's not that Zionists took that and then just said, oh, we're just going to make it happen.
It's no, they took the whole concept, emptied it of all of its meaning, every bit of meaning, and then just refilled it with nationalism and used that theological supernatural concept
of a temple and the ingathering of the exiles and made that into something basically profane.
They took something sacred and made it profane and completely changed the meaning of it.
I've incorporated that into my documentary, that kind of the explanation in a much sharper way.
And I'll have it with people who can explain it better than I can.
In fact, the person who's really opened my mind on this, in the same way that you, Jay, have really opened my mind with a lot of understanding the COVID operation,
The guy who's really clarified things for me on Zionism, his name is Rabbi Yaakov Shapiro, and he's on YouTube more and more these days, but he's an incredible guy, very approachable, makes things very easy to understand, and I'm in the middle of his book called The Empty Wagon.
And so it's like a thousand page book that is really for yeshiva students.
So, you know, anybody could read it, but you'll probably want to, you know, have your have your phone nearby to look up like certain Hebrew concepts, which I have to.
But yeah, so I'm working on this documentary, trying to get it out at some point this year and just doing, you know, haven't been doing much journalism lately.
And and I'm constantly being
I have one third of my brain devoted to Israel-Palestine-Zionism, another third, maybe at this point 20 percent, trying to follow
you know, COVID kind of propaganda.
And I'm constantly being pulled to kind of finish this investigation, this big investigation that I'd contacted you about in the first place.
And then the other thing I work on a lot is Haiti.
I just released a documentary on Haiti.
That's right.
You were just there, actually.
I was there in February.
So it's been three months now, but, you know, which is undergoing a major, major, you know, what I describe as a revolutionary process.
So it's,
It's a lot but you know it's all it's really all the same system.
I mean really you know I mean what you know what is what is Haiti.
I think Jessica do a piece on this or somebody did a piece about what does Haiti tell us about Covid.
You know, so it's really all the same system.
It's just sort of how do you compartmentalize it?
How do you break it down in order to chop it up?
And can they find you at uncapturedmedia.com?
Is that a thing?
It's uncaptured.media is my website.
It's just my substack.
I got a unique URL for it.
YouTube and I need to be more active on alternative platforms.
But yeah, uncaptured media.
And I'm on I'm very, I'm more active on personally, I'm most active on x at Dan Cohen 3000.
Dan Cohen 3000.
Why'd you choose that you sound like a cyborg then?
Yeah, it's great.
I don't even know why I picked it when I was like 18.
And then I just, you know, used it when I joined Twitter before I got into journalism, because there's so many Dan Cohen's, it's like a, it's a very common, I see.
Okay, you know, name.
And so then I just stuck with it.
Well, I'm really happy you're you came on the show.
And I don't want to make promises I can't keep.
But I hope at some point, we can put something out together, which would
draw this together as well.
I wish you the best of luck getting that film out.
I wish you the best of luck getting your message out.
I think it's really, it helps me to have some better idea of how to think about it.
I don't think I'm going to start teaching anybody this stuff or try to learn any more, except for I am going to look into Yakov, as you say with a B or a V.
Shapiro, with a V, Y-A-A-K-O-V, and then Shapiro, S-H-A-P-I-R-O.
Oh wow, I did not spell that correctly, that's pretty funny.
It's Hebrew for Jacob.
Okay, yeah, gotcha, very good.
But yeah, very, very brilliant educator.
Okay.
Well, thank you very much, Dan.
It's really been a pleasure and a long time coming.
And I hope, I don't know, I hope you have a great week and maybe we'll have you on again.
I mean, I know everybody would, the chat was going crazy.
That's sometimes why I looked over here.
So you stimulated a lot of thought.
I expect I'm going to get a lot of emails.
Awesome.
I really want to hear what people have to say.
If there's anything I didn't articulate correctly, I want to bring this out as much as possible.
So I really appreciate you having me on, Jay.
want to discuss feel free to tweet at me or or you know reach me however you like and and uh we'll go from there all right thank you very much dan thanks a lot i'm gonna click it off be care bye oh wow that was really great yes that was pretty good i really like i really like i really like uh ladies and gentlemen um that was uh mr
Dan Cohen, trying to illustrate another, oh, we gotta escape out of there.
I don't know why that word didn't work like that.
That's a little unfortunate.
Trying to build an understanding of the illusion.
I think Dan has some really interesting insights.
I think also, as you heard at the end of the interview there, he's not afraid to be challenged on his ideas.
He wants to be corrected.
This is a really good sign, irrespective of,
of, you know, who you are, if you at least say those words and show some pattern of that behavior.
I'm interested in talking to you.
As usual, ladies and gentlemen, I want to just say that the spread of bad ideas is more dangerous than the spread of any RNA molecule.
I want to be sure that everything is grinding.
I guess it's because of Zoom in the background or something like that.
I don't know.
I'll see what I can do here to get this speeded up a little bit.
My computer is just crashing, maybe.
It's getting tired.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in humans because we are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
Not we, but they, excuse me.
And if you liked what you saw,
You can find Dan Cohen again at dancohen3000 on Twitter.
Also uncapturedmedia and it's uncaptured.media and you can also find that on Substack and you can find me at gigaohmbiological.com, gigaohm.bio and stream.gigaohm.bio is the best place to watch the rerun because they're
there will be no music cuts or anything like that um thank you very much for everybody that supports this stream by subscribing to substack or to uh giga home biological again it's just kind of cranking um my family and i um are forever in your debt um and uh yeah it's it's gonna work out so um i hope uh to see some of you at the the um
Maybe you'll come to Pittsburgh in November for the, why isn't it coming out of my head, the Brownstone meeting.
And also, of course, there is the Red Pill Conference, which is in Rapid City, South Dakota on the 15th and 16th of the coming month, where you will see me as one of the presenters.
They're giving me a whole hour.
So you know what I could do with an hour.
Imagine what I could do with an hour on stage.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much again.
This has been Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I guess we'll just slide over here and say see you later.
Thanks, guys.